Support for GCS WAL-E backups (#620)
zalando/postgres-operator: docs/administrator.md

* Automatically provisioned via a custom K8s controller like
  [kube-aws-iam-controller](https://github.com/mikkeloscar/kube-aws-iam-controller)

## Google Cloud Platform setup

To configure the operator on GCP there are some prerequisites that are needed:

* A service account with the proper IAM setup to access the GCS bucket for the WAL-E logs
* The credentials file for the service account.

The configuration paramaters that we will be using are:

* `additional_secret_mount`
* `additional_secret_mount_path`
* `gcp_credentials`
* `wal_gs_bucket`

### Generate a K8 secret resource

Generate the K8 secret resource that will contain your service account's 

> credentials. It highly recommended to use a service account and limit it's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
credentials. It's highly recommended to use a service account and limit its
```

scope to just the WAL-E bucket. 

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: psql-wale-creds
  namespace: default
type: Opaque
stringData:
  key.json: |-
    <GCP .json credentials>
```

### Setup your operator configuration values

> With the `psql-wale-creds` resource applied to your cluster, ensure that
> the operator's configuration is setup like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `psql-wale-creds` resource applied to your cluster, ensure that
the operator's configuration is set up like the following:
```
